docs/Todos.md, before:

# Current Todos

# Listed Todos
- [] Oauth
- [] Implement Show Notification Functionality
- [] Implement Profile Page
- [] Add Team Calendar Page
- [] Add Team tasks Page
- [] Add Calendar Integration
- [] Add Task System
- [] Add Model Review System
- [] Implement forget password functionality
- [] Make Overview Dynamic and Functional in Home Page
- [] Add Forget Password Functionality

## Upcoming Tasks
- [ ] Implement WebSocket for Real-Time UI Updates in TeamHome Page and Meeting Page.
- [ ] Implement Participant List Display in Meeting Page.
- [ ] Implement Notification System for Meeting Invitations and Updates.
- [ ] Implement Audio Call Functionality using WebRTC or any other suitable library.
- [ ] Audio Control System (Mute/Unmute, Volume Control) in Meeting Page.

## Edge Case Tasks
- [ ] User cannot manually join meeting by URL even if a member (this mess up the state)
- [ ] User cannot manually enter a different page to leave team (this mess up the state)

## Later Tasks
- [ ] Improve UI/UX Design for All Pages
- [ ] Better Loading and Error Handling Mechanisms
- [ ] Write Unit and Integration Tests for Meeting Features
- [ ] Add Calendar Integration for Scheduling Meetings
- [ ] Add Task System
- [ ] AI Model Integration for Meeting Transcriptions and Summaries
- [ ] Scaling and Performance Optimization

Commit message:

Chore(Main): Improve UI using ternary operator for dynamic display

docs/Todos.md, after:

# Current Todos
- [] Implement Websocket For Real-Time  In Meeting Page
- [] Implement Websocket For Real-Time  In TeamHome Page

# Pending Todos
- [] Fix up UI for Main Team Page

# Listed Todos
- [] Oauth
- [] Implement Show Notification Functionality
- [] Implement Profile Page
- [] Add Team Calendar Page
- [] Add Team tasks Page
- [] Add Calendar Integration
- [] Add Task System
- [] Add Model Review System
- [] Implement forget password functionality
- [] Make Overview Dynamic and Functional in Home Page
- [] Add Forget Password Functionality

## Upcoming Tasks
- [ ] Implement WebSocket for Real-Time UI Updates in TeamHome Page and Meeting Page.
- [ ] Implement Participant List Display in Meeting Page.
- [ ] Implement Notification System for Meeting Invitations and Updates.
- [ ] Implement Audio Call Functionality using WebRTC or any other suitable library.
- [ ] Audio Control System (Mute/Unmute, Volume Control) in Meeting Page.

## Edge Case Tasks
- [ ] User cannot manually join meeting by URL even if a member (this mess up the state)
- [ ] User cannot manually enter a different page to leave team (this mess up the state)

## Later Tasks
- [ ] Improve UI/UX Design for All Pages
- [ ] Better Loading and Error Handling Mechanisms
- [ ] Write Unit and Integration Tests for Meeting Features
- [ ] Add Calendar Integration for Scheduling Meetings
- [ ] Add Task System
- [ ] AI Model Integration for Meeting Transcriptions and Summaries
- [ ] Scaling and Performance Optimization
